Damn lamb Xiaoqiang
In the early dynasty, the sea king was given advice by the lamb to His Majesty
Took face
Just now
He actually
Show off a poison gas
Ended power
Humph, you have the opportunity not to show the king
There is no princess who is alone
Oops, the dead old general has a robbery call
A splash on the public and three cities are not serious about their triumph
Good to pass on my order
Hurry up and let go of the waiter
This boy is indeed a genius
There is this sub-assist
Why should I worry about not being able to complete my hegemony?
Although Your Majesty has defeated the enemy army
But these footprints are to make it not too late to pass by
It is not good for many people to scold you when they pass by.
Your Majesty, the lamb is too vicious
Used immoral
Don't be sorry.
Forgotten and afraid
This person assists me
Mixed good and bad
That is.
In the future, my reputation in this history book will be a bit embarrassing
Forget it, read it
As long as you can make big money powerful
People live and work in peace and contentment
Even if you call me a tyrant
I also recognize
Grandson to meet grandpa and father
Sheep, have you worked hard recently?
You set aside 500 taels of silver for the sheep.
You can go to the gambling room
Go to this rouge pavilion to find Master Orokui, relax, relax
grandson
Thank you grandpa haha
It's alright, go on
Is it okay to take Changwen with you?
How edifying!
It's poor kiss me
We should also do the math